All right you guys.
So whenever I'm taking a course online my biggest pet peeve is when the teacher doesn't care about the
students and he doesn't care if you succeed.
He just gives you the course and leaves you at that.
Now this course I'm here every step of the way for you.
I want to help you succeed and I want you to gain new skills by taking this course.
You can ask any questions you have in the Q and A section of the course.
I'll get to every single student's question no matter what.
Like I said I'm here to help you guys succeed.
I want to help you become the people you want to become and achieve the goals that you want to achieve.
So how can you get a guaranteed win out of this course.
Well the thing that you have to do is you must take action.
That is the key.
You must do the things that I tell you to do in this course.
If you do that I promise that your skills will go up and you'll gain some more insight into the art
world.
Now I know there's a lot of controversy in the art world about copying artwork but the thing is when
it comes to actually learning artwork you must copy that's the way I learned and that's the way every
other great artist has learned is by copying from other masters.
So I recommend that you go step by step through the course and do exactly as I do.
Create the same character do the same animations do the same poses.
And once you've done that you're going to go up and skill.
Once you've done all of the work with me through this course you'll be ready to go off and create your
own characters and do your own animations.
But I definitely recommend that you go step by step with me through this course so that you can really
learn the skills that it takes to create a character and anime in.
I'm really excited to be getting into this course with you and start creating your characters.
I really hope to see you in the next lecture.
And thank you for watching.